Hello, everyone!
Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Today I'm going to make a cheerful video again!
Hold on
I thought I was going to make a fun video
Hey you!
Viewer!
Pull yourself together!
What were ya thinkin’?
Yes, you,
looking at the screen
You’re watching me, right?
Ya too damn close!
Ya watchin’ too damn much!
Why do ya like watching my videos so much?
Pull yourself together!
Ya spent too much time watching my videos
on ya PC and smartphones, ya know!!
If I'm worried about your vision getting worse,
I can't make videos properly you know.
Take care of your eyes properly.
I'm sorry!
Like,
I think I'm too tired lately
Also,
I think I've made too much video where I just snap at things
I got easily mad at things
Hey, you!!
You! Yes, you!
Gold YouTube Play Button!!
Jerk!
Yer freakin' big!!
Yer too bulky!!
Don't ignore me!!
What's up with this?
Also don't you think gold button
is too bourgeois!!
Huh?
It was also sent
in 3D-form of the real thing too
What a waste of cash, right??
For congratulating me on having 1 million subs
You spent too much money on this!!
Is your budget okay?
When you're such a money waster
You won't just fall over and break right??
If YouTube doesn't exist anymore
So does my way of life, don't you think?
Fuuuh~
Right,
back to filming the video!
Hey you there!
Yes, you over there!!
Why are you just standing there?
Even though I already bought you all
You don't even talk at all!
Even though I've made
a video where I filled all ya voices with my own!!
That was really awful, y’know!!
My sanity level was in danger, y’know!?
Seriously
DON'T MAKE FUN OF ME OKAY!!
HOW LONG ARE YOU GOING TO LOOK AT ME LIKE THAT?
HEY YOU!!
WHERE’RE YA
LOOKIN’ AT ME
AIN’T YA TOO FAR AWAY??
When you all are in the same world as me,
you only made me want to play with all of you.
Someday,
I'll make you all into AI too.
Hey!
If you're still watching this video!
If ya like the video,
smash that ‘Like’ button!
Even if ya don't like it,
smash it anyway!
If I see you a lot of you liking the video
I can't help but work hard for my next videos, can I?
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by wakaba-tan
Timed by Loserbait